Data analytics and visualization

"Data visualization is the discipline of trying to understand data by placing it in a visual context so that patterns, trends and correlations that might not otherwise be detected can be exposed."

"Anything that has a row/column structure could potentially be used by Pandas for analysis/ visualization."

Goal: To visualize and analyze data. Recognize that effective data visualization is vital in the human interpretation of information. Explore novel ways to visualize data in order to increase depth of understanding. 

Coronavirus analysis -
found data on confirmed cases, recoveries, and deaths. Also found in depth information about South Korean corona cases. 
Want to analyze difference in transmission rate of various countries, and cross reference it with population/density to try and understand how effective countries are coping 

analyze and compare:
	- population
	- total infected
	- rate of transmission
	- death rate
	- recovery rate
	- hospital bed count
	- pop. and urban density

what are the differences in how countries react?
what inherent advantages/disadvantages do certain countries/regions have?


having trouble adding up data in seperate columns.

after doing some web research, just found the approriate method for navigating columns w/o needing the name...

df[df.columns[1:4]] #accesses columns specified to access all use

df[df.columns[:]]

can also use this same method to find the number of columns (which i need to do) by using len(df.columns)

goal write a script that allows user to designate countries of interest, as well as variables of interest such as # of cases, death/recovery rate etc...

success, just figured out how to get the needed information from certain columns, sum up the rows and display it in a graph! 

Feel like I've come a long way with my understanding of pandas... comparing the graphed data of the various countries is incredibly interesting.  I feel like 
the distribution pattern of how much of a population is infected at any given time will tell you a lot about that countries preparedness. Japan is a little bit less than half the size of the US, 
but their infection rate is so much lower.
